Add support for bun.lock text-based lockfile (#3405)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/bun-lock-support.md

---
'@shopify/cli-hydrogen': patch
---

> Add support for Bun's text-based lockfile (`bun.lock`) introduced in Bun 1.2, in addition to the existing binary lockfile (`bun.lockb`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for Bun's text-based lockfile (`bun.lock`) introduced in Bun 1.2, and npm's shrinkwrap lockfile (`npm-shrinkwrap.json`), as alternatives to their respective primary lockfiles (`bun.lockb` and `package-lock.json`). 
```

Author: Done ✅
